"I want to see the virtual world with my own eyes."
I wonder when I first thought that.
Initially,
I saw virtual reality games as detestable
creations that had stolen my brother from me.
Still, I...
ended up wanting to see the world that my brother loved so dearly for myself.
I grew curious.
Eventually,
I became completely absorbed by the world of Alfheim Online.
The thrill of soaring freely through the skies with your own wings...
If it meant that I could continue to fly as high and far as I desired,
nothing would be too big a sacrifice.
I think I understand now.
The reason why my brother was so enchanted by this world.
These feelings I had buried are crying out.
kakushiteta kanjou ga himei wo ageteru
I'll hold on to these steadfast vows.
tashikana chikai wo te ni
Seeking but a miracle,
kiseki dake wo motome
I wander in the unrelenting darkness
kienai yami wo samayou
If I remain here, I'll only be trapped in the present.
doko ni ireba nidoto mirai miru koto dekinai
The moon beckons again tonight,
koyoi mo tsuki ga sasotte
and while I still can't voice my feelings,
mada kotoba dasenai kedo
I continue to scream inside my heart.
kokoro no naka sakebitsuzuketa
These feelings I had buried are crying out.
kakushiteta kanjou ga himei wo ageteru
I'll hold on to these steadfast vows.
tashikana chikai wo te ni
If only I could have become a little bit stronger,
ato honno sukoshi dake tsuyoku nareta nara
I would have flown far above these skies
me no mae ni aru kono sora koete yuku kara
and reached out to the future beyond here.
kono saki ni aru mirai ni te wo nobasu kara
Leafa-chan!
I told you not to call me that at school, Nagata-kun.
S-Sorry, Suguha-chan.
Why you...
S-S-Sorry, Kirigaya-san!
What do you want?
And why are you here when you've
already been accepted to a high school?
Attendance is voluntary at this point.
Sugu—
Kirigaya-san, I had something to tell you, so I waited here all morning.
Haven't you been accepted already, too?
I went to the kendo club because the advisor called for me.
So, what is it that you wanted to tell me?
Sigurd and the others want to go hunting again this afternoon.
Sorry, but I won't be able to join you guys for a while.
H-Huh?
Why?
I'm planning to go to Alne for a bit.
Alne? At the base of Yggdrasil...
W-Wait, are you going with
that Spriggan from yesterday?
Well...
Yeah, sort of.
I'm just going to show him the way there.
Wh-What are you thinking, Lea—
Kirigaya-san, you're going to travel that far
and sleep at inns with that shady guy?
Get your mind out of the gutter!
Anyway, that's how it is,
so let Sigurd and the others know, okay?
See ya!
I'm just showing him the way there.
That's all.
Link Start!
Hey, you're early.
No, I just got here.
I was doing a bit of shopping.
Oh, yeah.
I need to get prepared too.
This isn't very reliable, after all.
Okay.
Then let's go to the weapon store.
How much money do you have?
Hm...
It's this "Yrd" thing, right?
Yeah.
H-Hey,
we're going, Yui.
Okay...
Why are we at the tower?
Oh,
when you're making long-distance flights, you need to take off from the top of here.
It's for the extra altitude.
So that's how it is.
Y-You're kidding me!
Come on, let's go.
I want to get past the forest before nightfall.
Here, it's this way!
Leafa!
Good afternoon, Sigurd.
Are you leaving the party, Leafa?
Yeah, pretty much.
Didn't it occur to you that it would inconvenience the rest of us?
We agreed that whether or not I participate in the party
was completely up to me, remember?
But now, the fact that you're a
member of my party is well-known.
If you leave without a good
reason, it'll reflect badly on us.
Comrades aren't items, you know.
What did you say?
I'm saying you can't keep other players permanently equipped to yourself
like your favorite sword or armor.
Why you...
Garbage-rummaging Spriggans
like you should know their place!
I bet you're just a renegade who
was exiled from his own territory!
Watch what you say.
Kirito-kun is my new partner!
What?
Leafa, do you intend to abandon your home territory and become a renegade too?!
Yes, that's right.
I'm leaving this place!
I was going to leave you to crawl around like the little insect that you are,
but your thievery seems to be a death wish.
Seeing as you nonchalantly waltzed into another race's territory,
I'm assuming you'll have no
complaints if we cut you down.
Now's not a good time, Sigurd-san.
If you kill a defenseless player in front of all these people...
Damn.
Run and hide as best as you can outside, Leafa.
If you betray me now,
you'll surely come to regret it in the near future.
Sorry for getting you involved in that mess.
It's fine.
But was that okay?
Abandoning your home territory...
H-Hey...
The view's incredible.
The sky seems so close. It's like I could reach out and touch it.
Right?
Whenever I see this sky, so many things look small in comparison.
It was a good opportunity.
I've always been thinking of leaving this place someday.
I see.
But it seems like I made it the result of a falling out between comrades.
Either way, there wouldn't have been a peaceful alternative.
Say, what's a "renegade"?
It's what we call players who've abandoned their territory.
In other words, they're scorned as deserters.
Are you fine with that?
Yeah, I don't really mind, but...
I wonder why people want to tie down themselves and others like that.
Especially since we have these wings...
Humans are really complicated.
I don't understand the mentality
that makes them express their longing for others in such a complicated way.
Longing?
If it were me...
I'd do that.
It's very simple and clear.
Th-That's an amazing AI.
Are all Private Pixies like that?
She's an especially odd one.
I-I see.
A longing for others, huh?
Leafa-chan!
Oh, Recon.
You're so mean!
You could've at least said
something to me before you left.
Sorry, I forgot.
Leafa-chan, I heard you left the party.
It was kind of on the spur of the moment though.
What are you going to do?
Isn't that obvious?
I wield this blade for none other than you, after all.
What? But I don't really need it.
R-Regardless, that's how it is,
so naturally I'll be tagging along...
is what I'd like to say,
but there's something that I'm a little worried about.
What is it?
I don't have any real evidence yet...
But I want to investigate a bit, so I'll stay in Sigurd's party for a while.
Kirito-san,
she has a habit of getting into trouble, so please be careful.
O-Okay, got it.
Also, just so you know,
she's my—
We should be in the neutral region for a while,
so message me if something comes up.
O-Ow...
He's your friend in real life too, right?
Yeah, I guess.
Hm...
What's with that thoughtful look?
Nothing really.
I was just thinking that it seems nice.
I understand how he feels.
He likes you, doesn't he?
What do you think of him?
I-It's not like it matters!
Come on, let's hurry!
We'll reach that lake in one flight!
Okay!
Honestly...
You're such an obstinate woman.
It's just a fake body, you know.
It won't hurt you.
Don't you ever feel like having a little fun?
You wouldn't understand.
It doesn't matter whether or not this body is real.
At least, not to me.
Are you trying to say it would defile your heart?
I think it'd be wise of you to learn how to have fun while you still can though.
I don't plan on staying here forever.
I'm sure...
he'll come to save me.
Oh? Who will?
Is it who I think it is?
The hero, Kirito-kun.
His...
real name is Kirigaya-kun, isn't it?
I met him the other day
in the real world.
Honestly,
I couldn't believe the hero that cleared SAO was a mere child.
Where do you think I met him?
In your hospital room!
The expression he made when I told him in front of your bed that I'd be marrying you next week
was just priceless!
I could barely contain my laughter!
Feel free to count on him,
but that brat doesn't have the guts to put on the NerveGear ever again!
Oh, right.
I need to send him an invitation to our wedding.
He'll definitely come.
To see you in a wedding dress, that is.
I guess it's only fair to let Hero Boy have that much.
Now then,
I have to leave you for a bit, Titania.
I'm sure it'll be lonely, but please be patient.
Kirito-kun is...
alive!
8...
11...
3...
2...
9.
Good work!
Thanks for the backup.
Our wings are just about at their limit.
Let's head down for a bit.
Okay.
Tired?
No, not really.
Oh, well aren't you a hard worker?
But still, we'll have to put flying on hold for a while.
What?
Why?
You can see that mountain, right?
It's taller than the height limit,
so we need to go through the caves to get past.
It's the roughest part of the trip from
Sylph territory to Alne, or so I've heard.
It'll be my first time going beyond here too.
I see.
Caves, huh?
Are they long?
Considerably.
There's supposedly a neutral mining town
partway through that we can rest at though.
Kirito-kun, do you have to leave soon?
It's 7 PM in the real world, huh?
I'll be fine for a while longer.
Really?
Then let's continue for a bit longer.
Why don't we rotate out here?
R-Rotate?
Oh, it means to take turns logging out and resting.
We're in a neutral region, so we can't log off immediately.
Instead, people take turns protecting each other's avatar while they're off.
I see. Sounds good.
Leafa, you can go first.
Okay, I'll take you up on that.
Give me twenty minutes or so.
Onii-chan, what do you want for dinner?
Maybe he's asleep.
I'm...
excited.
Kirito-kun...
It's not that I've come to like him,
nor is it because I now have a partner to adventure with.
It's just that I'm looking forward to exploring a new world.
Thanks for waiting.
See any monsters?
Welcome back.
Things were pretty uneventful.
What's that?
Just something I bought at the general store before we left.
The NPC there said it's a Swilvane specialty.
I've never heard of that before.
Well then, guess it's my turn to log off now.
I'll be counting on you.
Yeah, go on ahead.
Y-You can move even while your master's offline?
Well of course I can.
I'm me, after all.
And he's not my master. He's Papa.
That reminds me...
Why do you call Kirito-kun, "Papa"?
Don't tell me he... asked you to do that?
I owe my life to Papa.
He told me, "You're my child."
That's why he's my Papa.
I-I see.
Do you like... Papa?
Leafa-san, what does it mean to like someone?
W-Well...
Always wanting to be with them,
and feeling giddy and excited when you're together...
I guess it's that sort of feeling.
What's wrong, Leafa-san?
I-I-It's nothing!
What's nothing exactly?
I'm back.
Did something happen?
Welcome back, Papa.
I was just talking with Leafa-san.
About wh—
I'm telling you, it's nothing!
Th-That was pretty quick.
Did you eat and everything?
Yeah, my family left me something to eat.
Oh.
Then let's get going now.
R-Right.
Off we go then.
Something wrong?
Well...
I get the feeling someone's watching us.
Yui, are there any players nearby?
No, I don't detect anyone.
Hmm, it might be a Tracer following us.
What's that?
It's tracking magic.
It generally appears as a small familiar
and reports the location of a target to its caster.
Can we dispel it or something?
It's possible if we manage to find it,
but the higher the caster's magic skill,
the greater the Tracer's area of effect.
So in a field like this, it'll be
practically impossible to locate.
I see. Well, it could just be my imagination.
Anyway, let's get a move on.
Okay.
Higher and higher, I stretch out my hands
takaku takaku kono te wo nobashite
and pray once more, "Someday, someday."
kitto kitto tte mou ichido negau kara
My endless feelings are lost
tomedonai omoi wa
in these ordinary days.
nichijou ni nomarete
They waver and change shape yet again.
yurameki nagara mata katachi wo kaeteitta
I wonder if I'm too late,
imasara mou osoi kana
but there's no answer in sight.
henji mo nai jimonjitou
Every decision is up to me,
subete wa sou jibun shidai
whether it's the beginning or the end.
owari mo hajimari mo
Higher and higher, I stretch out my hands.
takaku takaku kono te wo nobashite
Flying towards the gentle light, I flap my wings.
yasashii hikari wo mezashite habatakuyo
I embrace the passion
kokoro ni tomoshita
that flared up in my heart
jounetsu mo daite
and pray once more, "Someday, someday."
kitto kitto tte mou ichido negau kara